README.md, before:

# Project-Management-UNI

Created by:
- Tom
- Brandon
- Mikolaj


This project covers differences between netflix and amazon prime video streaming services

**Buisness neeeds and Website Development**

Starting with Amazon Prime video
Amazon does a lot of their design fairly well nothing is overly clutterd, there is deacent spacing between all the titles. The worst part of it is they are reliant on the thumbnails of each of the show or film for the name, this could cause issues for people with visual impairment as some have low contrast or are overly stialised. One solution for this could be a mode where the title of the program is displayed bellow it. While doing this we could also accomidate certain lerning disabilitys such as dyslexia with a more friendly font and or a higher contrast background.
<img width="1737" height="1014" alt="slice1" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4471e1fa-fc5f-417c-ba32-23cc32a167a7" />

<img width="1867" height="991" alt="slice2" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cf6f8843-42fa-4597-8d63-9df270661c6c" />

Netflix also suffers from this issue where all film and tv titles are reliant on the product thumbnail even on its click through menu where it has enough space to cleanly layout the title of the show they instead just go for a darkend preview with the ttitle on top creating some contrast but certain senarios that could still be hard to read.

<img width="3133" height="972" alt="slice3" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c6f2182f-c776-49fd-b19b-ece9c9e890f4" />

<img width="1253" height="1047" alt="slice4" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b988c895-e002-4d8a-afd8-64e2a7a6381b" />

This could all be fixed with a simple setting in the menu or just by having the click through show the title as normal text in the menu along with the larger styalised version.

Commit message:

Enhance README with details on streaming services
Expanded on the business needs and website development aspects of Netflix and Amazon Prime, highlighting design considerations and accessibility improvements.

README.md, after:

# Project-Management-UNI

Created by:
- Tom
- Brandon
- Mikolaj


This project covers differences between netflix and amazon prime video streaming services

**Buisness neeeds and Website Development**

Both of these companies use their websites as streaming services, these sites where developed to effectivly share content with subscribers and to try and keep them engaged for as much as possible. They acchieved this by showing a variety of options catagroised into different sections; top ten lists, thrillers, action movies, easy watching etc and using captivating screenshots to try to sell each show of film to the user.

Starting with Amazon Prime video
Amazon does a lot of their design fairly well nothing is overly clutterd, there is deacent spacing between all the titles. The worst part of it is they are reliant on the thumbnails of each of the show or film for the name, this could cause issues for people with visual impairment as some have low contrast or are overly stialised. One solution for this could be a mode where the title of the program is displayed bellow it. While doing this we could also accomidate certain lerning disabilitys such as dyslexia with a more friendly font and or a higher contrast background.
<img width="1737" height="1014" alt="slice1" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4471e1fa-fc5f-417c-ba32-23cc32a167a7" />

<img width="1867" height="991" alt="slice2" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cf6f8843-42fa-4597-8d63-9df270661c6c" />

Netflix also suffers from this issue where all film and tv titles are reliant on the product thumbnail even on its click through menu where it has enough space to cleanly layout the title of the show they instead just go for a darkend preview with the ttitle on top creating some contrast but certain senarios that could still be hard to read.

<img width="3133" height="972" alt="slice3" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c6f2182f-c776-49fd-b19b-ece9c9e890f4" />

<img width="1253" height="1047" alt="slice4" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b988c895-e002-4d8a-afd8-64e2a7a6381b" />

This could all be fixed with a simple setting in the menu or just by having the click through show the title as normal text in the menu along with the larger styalised version.
